The France Branch Committee is delighted to present to you the construction and renovation project for the Bethel situated in Luvier.
Due to the acceleration of the Kingdom work, this project had the branches become necessary.
The France Branch supervises the territories of France, Saint-Pierre et Miquelon, Saint-Martin, Saint-Bathelomy, Guadeloupe, Martinique, French-Guyanna, Maillot and Reunion.
A total of 13 countries and territories with a population of 150 million.
Today, the France Branch is responsible for supporting the preaching work carried out in 2,000 congregations and 690 groups and pre-groups in 74 languages,
preparing around 500 assemblies in 40 languages each year, organizing theocratic schools for pioneers, elders, circuit overseas and their wives, and the School for Kingdom evangelizers,
translating the publications into 14 languages, some of which involve remote translation offices.
Organizing a maintenance and renovation program for the 1555 Kingdom Halls and 10 assembly halls and constructing 20 new Kingdom Halls each year.
Added to this list is the providing of material, technical and financial support to congregations.
So, what is this project?
When you come to visit Bethel, your tour begins in the main office building.
Plans have been made to refurbish the ground floor and the reception area in order to increase the number of offices.
Afterwards, the upper floors will be renovated.
It is also planned to construct a new 35 apartment residence building.
Another important part of this project is the renovation of buildings located in the industrial zone where the former printer was located.
First of all, the parcel of land bordering the former printer will be converted into a parking lot.
A new garage will be built in one of our former warehouses.
The former printer building will be renovated and refurbished.
On the ground floor, a new laundry and new workshops for the Bethel maintenance department will be installed.
On the next floor, new offices and a new recording studio for the audio video department will be created.
This department will then be better able to fill the growing need for dubbing and recordings of the publications available on the JW.org website.
The upper floor, renovated in 2012 to 2013, is partially used to provide classrooms for Bible school courses.
Rooms will be renovated in a joining buildings to accommodate the students.
The other part of this floor is used by the translation department.
The translation work done here benefits the numerous countries where French is spoken.
The governing body would like this project to be completed by the summer of 2018.
How can we support this project?
If your situation allows you to volunteer, buy asking an elder in your congregation for an application form.
Buy your contributions and buy your prayers.
We pray that Jehovah may bless this project which is geared towards intensifying the kingdom work in the territories under the France branch's care.